[ReadMe] updated readMe file for CatalogRule-CatalogWidget modules (#31476)
magento/magento2: app/code/Magento/CatalogRule/README.md

# Magento_CatalogRule module

**Magento_CatalogRule** module is responsible for one of the types of price rules in Magento 2.

**Magento_CatalogRule** module applied rules to products before they are added to the cart.

## Installation details

> The **Magento_CatalogRule** module can`t be removed, because have dependencies with the **Magento_CatalogRule** module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Magento_CatalogRule** module cannot be removed, because have dependencies with the **Magento_CatalogRule** module.
```

Reviewer: See how the code coloring is off here on Github. A regular single quote will do here. Backticks are reserved for markdown. But we don't allow contractions in docs, so can't becomes cannot.

Author: @dobooth, thanks for the note. Changes were added.
